intense it was completely since we
started at six o'clock that morning with
the competition started seven week you
know kind of pull our things together at
seven and is an adrenaline rush I did
not get to I mean when I got through
with the competition my whole body felt
like I had been running a marathon it
known as linky to co-workers the Ole
Miss catering pastry chef recently
walked away the winner of the 2009 Top
Chef competition the mystery box contest
gives chefs an assortment of ingredients
from which they must prepare at least
three dishes linkies basket included
Salman red beans red onions and
pineapple i'm off thursday night to
prepare their menu and then friday
morning we had to execute that but there
was a twist to it that we did not just
execute the menu we had to make 500
extra portions of one to two ounces
because the students were part of the
voting but the habits that had four
judges and then the score was broken out
between the judges and then a favorite
popular vote by the students that
twisting keep linky from completing six
dishes or showing the executive chefs
who she competed against that a pastry
chef is not to be laughed at thought you
said even though I went through culinary
school you know to be in pastries that's
my comfort zone to suddenly be thrown in
with executive chefs you know people
that work with your food food every day
was very intimidating and I got there
and they made fun of me they call me
brownie lady and cookie crews and I was
like I'll show you so it was it was
intimidating but it worked out in the
end
not necessarily will expect it'll be the
first three the Top Chef competition
won't be the last for the native South
African who is already thinking about
firing up the grill again we have have
another competition coming up in the
summertime Executive Chefs beware